[LF] Define FatContractInstance and (de)serialization (#17598)
digital-asset/daml: daml-lf/spec/transaction.rst

``bool`` byKey

> (* since version 15*)

Author: forgottent when V15 was introduced.

As of version 15, this field is included.

* `message Identifier`_ interface_id

``interface_id``'s structure is defined by `the value specification`_

(*since version dev*)

> 

Author: forgotten when V15 was introduced.

As of version 14, these fields are included:

* repeated ``string`` children

message Versioned
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Generic wrapper to version encode versioned object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generic wrapper for a versioned object
```

Author: https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/17638

(*since version 14*)

As of version 14 the following  fields are included:

* ``string`` version
* ``bytes``  versioned

``version`` is required, and must be a version of this
specification newer than 14.

> ``versionned`` is the serialization of the versioned object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``versioned`` is the serialization of the versioned object
```

Author: https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/17638

as of version ``version``.

Consumers can expect this field to be present and to have the
semantics defined here without knowing the version of this versioned
object.

Known versions are listed in ascending order in `Version history`_; any
``version`` not in this list should be considered newer than any version

> in same list, and consumers must reject values with such unknown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in that list, and consumers must reject such unknown values
```

> in same list, and consumers must reject values with such unknown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in that list, and consumers must reject values with such unknown
```

Author: https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/17638

versions.

(*since version 14*)

message FatContractInstance
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A self contained representation of a committed contract.

The message is assumed ty be wrapped in a `message Versioned`_, which

> dictated the version used for decoding the message.

Author: https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/17638

(* since version 14*)

> As of version 14 the following fileds are included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of version 14 the following fields are included.
```

* ``bytes`` contract_id
* `message Identifier`_ template_id
* ``bytes`` create_arg
*  `message KeyWithMaintainers`_ contract_key_with_maintainers
* repeated ``string`` non_maintainer_signatories
* repetaed ``string`` non_signatory_stakeholders
* ``int64`` created_at
* ``bytes`` canton_data

``contract_id`, ``template_id``, ``create_arg``, ``create_at`` are
required.

> ``contract_id`` must be a valid Contract Identifiers as described in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``contract_id`` must be a valid Contract Identifier as described in
```

Author: https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/17638

`the contract ID specification`_

``create_arg`` must be the serialization of the `message Value`_

If the ``contract_key_with_maintainers`` field is present, the
elements of ``contract_key_with_maintainers.maintainers`` must be

> ordered without duplicate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ordered without duplicates.
```

Author: https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/17638

Elements of ``non_maintainer_signatories`` must be ordered party
identifiers without duplicate.

Elements ``non_signatory_stakeholders`` must be ordered party

> identifiers without duplicate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
identifiers without duplicates.
```

Author: https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/17638

``sfixed64`` `created_at` is the number of microseconds since
1970-01-01T00:00:00Z. It must be in the range from
0001-01-01T00:00:00Z to 9999-12-31T23:59:59.999999Z, inclusive; while
``sfixed64`` supports numbers outside that range, such created_at are
not allowed and must be rejected with error by conforming consumers.

The message ``canton_data`` is considered as opaque blob by this
specification. A conforming consumer must accept the message whatever

> the contain of this field is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the content of this field is.
```

Author: https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/17638

> Additionally a conforming consumer must reject any message such there
> exists some party identifiers repeated in the concatenation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, a conforming consumer must reject any message such that
there exists a party identifier repeated in the concatenation of
```

Author: https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/17638
